>> Marcy Sutton: So
let's talk about progressive enhancement.
I mean, speaking of like thinking you
know best for all your users, it is very
pervasive and persuasive, I guess,
to require JavaScript for everything.
I mean we're talking about
JavaScript applications, right.
So a lot of web apps make that hard choice
of if you don't have JavaScript on,
you can't use this app.
And I think that's okay for
a lot of use cases.
For a website that has content on it
that people are supposed to read, we
shouldn't require JavaScript just to read
the content, or just to do some things.
And people do turn off JavaScript
with legitimate reasons, maybe
you have network constraints, and this app
is just downloading a ton of resources.
I've heard people for
accessibility reasons turn off
JavaScript to get away from animation.
That's been a reason why people
have turned JavaScript off.
People have their reasons,
and I think that's okay.
I think at the very least,
if you do require JavaScript,
put a no script tag in your HTML, and
say this site requires JavaScript.
That's what Gatsby sites do by default.
But they do work without JavaScript,
and we'll see in a moment.
And to really make something that is
progressively enhanced means that you're
emphasizing the core
web page content first.
Starting with the HTML part, and then
adding these layers of presentation and
features on top, as browsers and
network connections allow.
So if JavaScript's enabled and the scripts
download, that means that JavaScript's
running so it's gonna take over and
re-hydrate that application.
But you should have something render
to the screen without it turned on.
And it reminds me of when I was
working on Flash applications, and
I didn't have any kind of fallback.
And I was like going to a potential
client going to show them
my like flashy Flash website,
and it had no fallback and yeah,
guess who was really embarrassed
when their site didn't load?
I mean, fast forward to now with
JavaScript rendering a lot of these
applications, it's not just
an embarrassing rookie move.
It's like somebody not being
able to use a website.
So we can do things like provide
baseline accessible markup.
If you're adding ARIA and more
interactivity, using JavaScript to add
those attributes instead of just
having them there by default.
And then to make this more
realistic because honestly,
this does have a cost in
terms of engineering and
maintenance effort, prioritizing
the core user flows of your site.
If there's something that
is really important for
sales and keeping your site running,
keeping the lights and the business going,
prioritize those, let people check out.
Add some kind of server
back-end infrastructure, and
I know that has a cost too.
So just prioritizing, what's the most
important part for the user can help you,
so you're not trying to do this for
absolutely everything.
And one of the really big reasons why
I started using Gatsby for my site and
why I went to work there was that it does
this server side rendering by default.
So if I run Gatsby build,
it will compile my React components
into raw JavaScript or sorry, raw HTML.
And if I turn JavaScript off,
I have pages.
I have pages, that's awesome, but
I wrote all this stuff with React,
how does that work?
With the power of Node and
Gatsby's infrastructure, they create these
server-side rendered pages, and
I don't even have to think about it.
It's great for performance, it's great
if people wanna read my website without
JavaScript turned on,
which is perfectly reasonable.
So we can do that by default at
build time, which is pretty cool.